---
layout: default
title: One-Sheet 
authors: 
    - sean
    - phil
---
# SpaceCorp 

## Platforms

* Android 
* iOS 

## Target Player 

Players aged between 15 - 40 

## Target Rating

E10 - T

## Story Summary

It's the dawn of a new age of manned space travel - the age of exploitation. 
Humanity has finally reached the stage where the solar system is open to anyone
with the ambition to claim it. You've distinguished yourself as a rising star
in one of three fields: engineering, operations, or business; and you've been 
chosen to put a struggling project to rights. Design and build the next 
generation of interplanetary space ships. Establish colonies, industries, and 
attractions on moons, planets, and planetoids. Manage an interplanetary 
corporate empire or face the displeasure of your stakeholders. Explore, exploit, 
and dominate your way into the history books. 

## Gameplay Outline

Players begin as the project manager for a struggling corporation attempting to 
get establish a permanent settlement on the Moon. Their orbital presence and 
shuttle business is secure but it's time to expand. However the project has hit 
a snag and they need you an up and coming engineer, operations manager, or 
concerned investor to get the project back on track. Design an interplanetary 
vessel which will ferry personnel and cargo to and from LEO and the Moon. 

Gameplay will consist of three distinct but interconnected mechanics: ship 
design and modification, operations, and business. In the first players will 
design custom vessels and balance crew health and comfort, against efficiency. 
They will be able to customize their ships and will have an open ended ship 
designer. In the operations mode they will plot orbits for vessels and build 
installations. In the business mode they will seek investors (both AI and 
other players) and manage the finances of the corporation including acquiring 
other corporations and managing staffing. 

Game play will make use of several interfaces. The ship builder interface will
be composed of a design surface and several toolboxes. Due to size constraints 
the toolboxes will take up the full screen for component selection and then the 
component will be dropped onto the design surface to be maneuvered into its final
resting place. Ships will be constructed and operated entirely in orbit. Shuttle
and landing craft design may be implemented as a stretch goal. 

The operations component of the game will be split into several views. The first 
will be a station or colony view, in which the player adds or removes buildings
and manages habitations, places of work and administration. The player will 
select the location of the station or colony from a number of choices and will be 
allocated space on, or above, the planetary body. Building architecture will be 
customizable. 

The second component of the operations gameplay will be orbital mapping and 
interplanetary transit. Players will be presented with a zoomable map of the 
solar system and will be asked to decide on an orbit for a specific vessel. 
These orbits will make use of a realistic physics system. The player will "draw"
orbits using multitouch to expand and contract elliptical paths which match the
needs of the player. Orbital duration will be translated from game time to real
time and ships will need to content with the threats of radiation, passenger 
boredom, starvation, dehydration, and asphyxiation. Players will also need to 
balance the risk of muscular atrophy against the benefits of astronaut 
experience.

## Unique Selling Points
## Competitive Products